fixes for #372 (transposed confusion matrix) (#373)
tidymodels/tune: NEWS.md

# tune (development version)

> * The resampled confusion matrix is transposed when `conf_mat_resamped(tidy = FALSE)` is used (#372)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where the resampled confusion matrix is transposed when `conf_mat_resamped(tidy = FALSE)` (#372)
```

I think it's a little unclear as is, like we are transposing on purpose? Which... you know 🙈
